a second [Music] Renaissance another drip from the
glowing chalice going chalice a drag Venom High purple Volume 2
11 hit you with the ticket to Heaven dreads bring it back from the dead I am
being Darkness through dreams everything and what it seems drak the snake I got
some magic beans riding home back I'm with media's team everything I see is
cream straight from the Fang of the Dragon the tracks bump it is the thing
aena knows my slang in the Dark Harbor the drugs weigh a ton kachang Lang Creed
Mo hit the mark bang bang we're here to save the children the museum we're
building Antichrist prescription Dragon Venom illen jealous
Venom High purple Volume 2 11 hit you with a ticket to heav
dread welcome back this is a new thing we've got going tonight to our audience
that is large I thank you for coming out I value your time and I don't intend to
take advantage of you at least not in that way what I'd like to do is I'd like
to begin tonight and just kind of guide you in to the opening of Al and
youu let me tell you what I have to offer tonight I have something so oh God
it's luscious what I'm going to do is in a minute I'm gonna step down and I'm gonna let the drill instructor in and
the drill instructor is going to get you going but first but first I was thanking to myself and I
thought you know what something something it was unimportant what I was thinking you know typical me and
somebody called me and said take a look at this video and I took a look at this video and it was some some poetry a
vision it was a vision of Marilyn Manson and I want to bring that up now
just a set as the ship is going and you're about to enter Al and you and see
the structure pristine gorgeous condition as your
mind gets off gets off that place
of slowness and starts working like it
should nature intended like those athletes oh God you mean I could have
been like that this is that for your mind are you ready people let's get the
little Marilyn Manson in here thank you jwy bring that bring that more towards
me so I can see it I had a dream last night said Marilyn and remember this is
the child of Marilyn Monro and Charles Manson right the image child of Marilyn
Monroe and Charles Manson you want to hear that dream I said do you want to hear that dream I was drowning in a of
liquor and I washed up on a beach made of cocaine the sky was made of
LSD and every tree was made of marijuana but the cops pulled me over
they did not arrest me instead they blanked my
blank and it was so beautiful that God came down from heaven he said to me
Marilyn Manson we will no longer spell the word god g o d I said how do you
want to spell it God he said give me a D give me an R give me a u give me a G
give me an S and what does that
spell it spells the history that Marilyn Manson had tapped
into through the Muse it spells a l i c CE e
Alice oh God are we going to Wonderland when I bring in this drill instructor to you you're going to Wonderland give me a
couple of these chew I want to warm up everybody tonight before we get to it give me that second one um is it
possible is it possible Mr Manson to
um to take two things and meld them together it is in the Greek mind it is
in the mind of those uh who had children and one of them was named Alice oh God
Charles dson what a freak here we go phantis what is a pharmacom mantis
people you're GNA be going in for instruction tonight I want you to see some of the power of the TNT that you're
dealing with look at phantis one who is at once phacos and
montis oh that's fantastic or who uses PHA uh why to
Divine to Divine what is that divining have to do with anything because you've
got to be in the ion in order to see the future it's called ionic life can you
hear the cult in the language ionic life the drill instructor is going to
tell you who you are I'm going to set this up by saying can you have something
that is at once a drug and a
vision can you have something that is a prophetic power that gives you the
ability to see the future can you have that skill it turns
out it's a romance and you're very lucky tonight you're very lucky just as I was lucky when I first sat in Greek 101 how
I was I had no idea what was coming I had no idea the things it would do to me
and how it would follow me and after 30 plus years every day every day me and Greek
we are in the kitchen we're in the bedroom we're in the office where are we
not where we where do we not just rub it all over each other you know what I
mean oh God every day something knew her mind is so
expansive now what Marilyn Manson um did was he tapped into that
well and was able to pull out those dionas those what those dionas those
Powers look at that word one more time the pharmacom Mantis right who is that
Mantic it is that person who knows who
knows think about that for a minute just stop it's a combination of a drug and a
sear what kind of woman fits the bill for that oh it's in the mind in Antiquity
I'm going to give you a couple of Concepts that we do not have in anglosaxon God where is he Frederick
come here Frederick you stupid oh God waitting until the drill
instructor get get here I'm going to love this go give me the next one I wanted you to remember people pharmacon
we just talked about the pharmacom mancy what is the you didn't realize that the
religion was being genrated by pharmac comany oh my God montea through
pharmaka watch what is going this is I'm telling you what is in the air and what
these people are breathing I'm fumigating look at this I'm not going to do this the whole night I just want you
to see look at the second paragraph here uh second paragraph and you're going to see in purple one two 3 four five six
lines down andone you're going to see Stone there you're gonna see all sorts
of christing we are never going to be far from the christing why would you bring it up now give me the next one
boom we're gonna go fast chewy this intro is fast why I'm going to get to the punchline that's why here's your
mantis people notice that it's a seere and look at all the different sear Apollo and Cassandra Oh God look at the
second line Cula did you know the sibles that are
painted in the chapel oh God do you know where those
come from they come from here they come from a time when people were
saying who and what are the Seer and it turns out the power is in
the language that they called the logos in the beginning was the
logos mystery mystery it's all over the Greek
language and the ancient Greek and what you're going to be lucky fortunate to be
able to do is to be able to draw from Wells that have not been
accessed oh God this is all front here it's gorgeous it's absolutely gorgeous
um you're going to love it okay I'll stop I'll stop I'm slowing things down hit me the next one look at this look
look at this people I just wanted to see that in Christ station in Christ station give me the next one he's there hi bring
him back watch people what is somebody who's polacos polu pharmacos that's knowing
many drugs and in the Greek if you see the next word is EA Troy who are the EA
Troy those are those who oh my those are the
healers right and we have healers as women earlier than any other
profession looks like they got all the brains early
on somebody told me that somebody told me that recently M white chromosome is
malfunctioning right it's just a woo something happened got into a street fight or something um what is this
polacos look now I want I wanted to introduce you to Greek before I give you the drill sergeant because I want you to
see the Greeks have a word for somebody who knows a lot about drugs in an
intimate kind of way given to the use of drugs look who's the author there Galen
gal that's number two right gal that's gayen that's a medical text do you know
when the head of my committee told me the Romans in with reference to recreational drugs the Romans just
wouldn't do such a thing it was texts like this that I thought have you never
read have you not cracked these Works open oh my God I'm sorry gets me gets me
all going um look at look at number three you have countries yeah abounding
and healing or poisonous herbs and what country is that toia t
do you know who those people are they're what we call the
atrans what are the atrans known for and you're not going to see this you go all
the way to Italy today you can get in taxi and cross your fingers and hold on
and you can get to that atran site right from Rome you just drive there boom
you're there and at that atrasan site you will never know that the people who
were there we're known for all their drugs we're known for their drugs do you
know how many words in Greek there are for altered mental state my God my God
the atrans it makes sense because the atrans were buddies with the
pans yeah so it only makes sense we know those pans everywhere they go They're
spreading the drug cult the earliest one is on Samo
rce right we talked about it you and I are tracking the Cults baby we're going
this is not nobody is bringing this do you know why because nobody works with
these texts and what I find so beautiful is that you are going to give me an
opportunity to give you access to those same texts
so that you can have your eyes opened so that you can see what it was you didn't
know the atrans are there you may walk into one of their tombs and see all the goofy stuff and say oh God these people
were high right you may do that but you won't you won't know how accurate you
actually are oh God there's so much let's go give
me the next one I love this okay look at this what uh what is it wait Did we get Dion we're supposed to get Dion first I
think it was here boom no there's our mantis yeah oh I missed the order up here boom and the
next one boom and the next one just go on the next one yeah oh God next one
look at that here we go no not it either oh my god look this Sergeant's gonna be
so mad boom okay well here's the definition of daon
um what uh the lsj will provide you and Henry
little right is a little Scott Oxford lexicon he was the father please
everybody know this he was the father of Alice in
Wonderland yeah the Alice from Alice in Wonderland her um father was working on
putting together what I'm flashing up in front of you and his student was Charles
Dodson and Chuck changed his name to Lewis
Carroll oh wait a minute were there dragons in those days I think there were
dragons here we go um what does this word diamond mean it's a it's a um Power
or a capacity demon it's our word for demon somebody asked me what is a God
okay we'll start with demon what is a demon or a Dion a DI is a power and one
of its definition is that of daon it's the same thing it's something that is
knowing so you can have a d and that is somebody skilled in battle
skilled in fighting right it means skilled or knowing those demons what are they
they're known now you're gonna stop what I want you to do is stop all your preconceived notions of demons I'm just
going to lay it out for you what the reality was that never exist existed unfortunately most of what you
know is an unreality the attainment of Greek is the
reconnection with the real and it brings Renaissance and so that's why I'm happy
and and privileged to have um such a great audience my God there's almost a
thousand of you how much honor do we owe these people how much honor look at this people daon what's a daon what's knowing
or experienced right somebody who is knowing or experienced in something next
one next one boom it's from the verb da now this is
what they said in Antiquity that this verb this term Dion this noun Dion was
derived from the verb like many many the overwhelming majority of ancient Greek
words they're Dr D from the verb and I want you to think about that
I want you to think about that the difference between a verb and a noun um
that's the diad that they've got in grammar you mean they're talking about
diets and monats and grammar yeah you know why
logos logos the Reckoning oh the computation oh God
that's getting excited learn right right to learn da what is Da to learn right or to learn
isn't to teach give me the next one I'm Gonna Learn you something you know what I mean watch this though
Dio is also a potential for candidate for this root that this word is from and
it means to burn up or to consume to consume the seeds of fire what she
possesses uhhuh B ISM by fire does anybody understand that expression nope
you don't you haven't seen the real one I'll show it to you are you ready here to burn up give me the next one oh God
what is the diamon I'm burning I'm knowing what am I this is the other thing look it's
hon hon and what does that mean it means to be eager to be eager for something
and they they show you the Brit the victorians they said look it equals Dion for
daon right okay okay I'm starting to get it I'm starting to feel the diamon um
that blood at the bottom I'm gonna have to put that out that old word haa
originally means blood and or seman blood and or seman so what that
has to do with an eag or knowledge it's going to have to be something that you stew upon
yes then you can stand on the sand with the Beast do you understand then you can
okay no of course let's go hurry up the drill instructor is waiting um look at the faraka here oh God I wanted you guys
to see the faraka and the Alexa daddy of that that antidote um lots of oh God the
works of oh all right this is all you're in for a treat you're in for a treat so
I'm glad that we are going to go ahead and get started and what I need to do now is I'm going to want you to put the
text on there and I'm going to call in the drill instructor wait a minute did I have a a save that for the ending I'll
give you a little something at the ending it is a um it is a verse from the
um Hebrew um writings that were the translation of the original Greek
writings called the sepagan and it is laughably if anybody is denying me
uh uh is is saying no no no this man is lunatic I've got the hardest core
evidence just to show you the fact that the Greek is aiming for and achieving a
much higher level of technical expertise and the Hebrew is a very simple very low
vocabulary very third grade um reading um so but that's the best that you can
do with that Hebrew I'm going to show you an example of that but I'm going to flash your textbook up here now um and
what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab I'm going to grab uh the drill instructor so I'm going to mute myself
and just give me a minute here look at your textbook however you can get this textbook please feel free to I don't
know to find whatever ways necessary um people have been telling
me amen thank you for giving everybody an opportunity to be able to um enter
this and I well you know it's the to be honest you know it was your request and
the devil telling me dude you can't you've got to make this available for everyone right you've got to really you
want to really undercut uh you know get down to the nitty-gritty and pull up that
Renaissance you got to do this right so I appreciate it I'll be back in 30
seconds e
it's nice to meet you I'm your drill instructor let before we begin let me
tell you who you are and then I'll tell you who I am okay you are the
downtrodden you are the slaves of your anglosaxon
crapper you have come here to make yourself something better you've seen
some honor and you've been attracted to it you've had some thirst and it's drawn
you and you want this you really really want this you will
succeed because of who I am who am I I'm your
instructor and I have been working with this language for 30 30 plus years
humbly every day you're going to come in here with certain preconceived notions
some of you will coming here with Seminary work uh by the way welcome
welcome to all the Monas right it's nice to have you um and it's a privilege and
an honor to teach you Greek you'll come in here with certain
preconceived notions you will think that you know certain things everybody comes in here
with a an attitude an
attitude leave your arrogance at the door leave your brain at the
door I don't need your thoughts and you don't need your thoughts you're not going to than your way through push-ups
and pull-ups you're just going to do exactly what I say if you want to master
the Lang language the rest of you can sit you allowed to sit and watch there's things I'd like
to say that you're allowed to do this is very
[Music] serious you are a
slave and this training will give you
Freedom the bakic reality is Liberty it's
liberty oh God oh God now if you want to get there you're going to have to listen
to me you're going to have to do exactly what I say there are influences here
that you will not understand you and I fight against principalities and powers
in high places it's a good thing they're high
places no we are in a
struggle we will soon lose our
Liberty there are people who want to stop just something as simple as this
class there are people who want to stop that I was notified today there are
people people who want to stop it why would you want to stop it because we are in the Vanguard I can tell you this
information it will bring you to a place of honor now if you want to be where
safo was if you w to be where Lord Byron was if you want to be where Thomas
Jefferson was if you want to inhabit the same Cosmos that
they did this is the tool this is the tool and you're going to have to listen to what I
say it is my job to get you through the obstacle course it is my job to get you
to a point where you can use the skill to translate for yourself it will take
24 sessions now you can take them at your
pace but if you're going to go from one to two you better be ready you better do what I
say your very first instructions will be the most basic rule number one don't
thank don't thank you can't your little English speaking French speaking Italian
speaking Spanish speaking polish speaking
brains Russian speaking Yeah Arabic th Arabic in there
yeah uhuh Hebrew modern right throw them all in there
because they will never even Chinese Chinese throw Chinese in there Chinese
has got about aund 100,000 unique words
100,000 ancient Greek eats that for lunch somewhere between 500,000 and 1.5
million it's off the chart so this is what I can bring to you
take your brain and shut it off because it's functioning in a world of 100,000
words the big deal is you will be able to
create logos you and there's the magic but you're not
going to get to that place unless we listen to each other and I have to be real really strict I'm going to show you
exactly what to do are you ready are you ready chewy hit me with yep hit me with
them all you're gonna for over the next week you're gonna get real familiar with
something you're going to get real familiar with letters there's 24 plus
one invisible one I want you to learn and I know you've never used an
invisible letter did you know you could use invisible letters with your words wow it explains a lot it explains
why Saturn is Satan neat this is Alpha what I want you
to do is get in bed with the curves get in bed learn it Alpha the first letter
ah second letter beta B look at those look at the curvaceous
forms on that beta whatever it takes for you to memorize this alphabet I want you to do it and guess what pronunciation
we're using guess what pronunciation we're using we're using that which I was
taught in the United States west of the Mississippi River in the
20th that's what we're using we're not going to use the
original because the original Greek was accented via
tone right oh God had a pitch accent to it and what are you going to do we don't
have that right we are stress accent speakers we are Marching In a single
line the Greeks are not let me blow your brain are you ready for this
verbs have one type of accent nouns have
another yeah nouns attempt to
retain where their accent is when the end of the word changes they attempt to keep the same spot they want to hold the
same same spot verbs they don't care they adjust they're the machines of the
language that adjust and you're G to start using them that way you mean I thought I just open my mouth and just
stuff run out yes you do because you're raised under the slavery of
English people are always asking me how is it in ancient Greek you can read six lines and not get to the main verb until
the end you in other words you can't solve what's going on until you have
seen the end right think about this for a minute ancient Greek I'm not talking
modern Greek that stuff they found in Northern turkey that's a descendant a
close descendant of uh coin Greek helenistic Greek right modern Greek is a
and it's not related to Modern Greek it's very foreign to Modern Greek so uh
what is the modern Greek it doesn't matter I don't want to offend the we can put the anglosaxon speakers and the we
can put the French and the Kel tongue we can put all those things in the one
giant container because none of them historically reached what the Greek did
okay let's get into give me that next letter gamma gamma look at that what I
what am I giving you people I'm giving you the capital letter on the left and um the tiny one on the right right
lowercase right and what are you going to do look at those shapes again look it's two strokes left and down right and
down it's two little strokes gorgeous give me the next one Delta look at the
Delta people look at the Delta I want you to memorize this Delta look it's got a tail to it oh God sexy letters Epsilon
Epsilon all right pretty straightforward ready for the next one
zeta wait what yeah yeah now I'm gonna let you say
Zeta and we're g to pronounce it with a zed right but you got to realize this is
a combination of two letters right D and S right oh God look at this one next one
Ada I kind of have a thing for Ada right look at the way look at the way that
lowercase a I mean it looks like an H when it's big right but look at the lower case oh God you're gonna love that
it's got a little it's got like a leg sticking out seriously let me show you my leg give me the Theta Theta look at
Theta pretty straightforward people and and this font is pretty Universal this
is this is uh yeah this is a good font um Iota keep going Kappa look at the Kappa
notice that the Kappa in the lowercase looks like kind of an X when you're looking at
it it kind of look like an X it's not it's a Kappa c c you love that next one
Lambda L look at Lambda Lambda you say wait a minute I see people with that on
their Shield that's because you're watching a bunch of laconians give me the Mew look at the
Mew oh oh again curvaceous that's caliginous that me is caligus
give me the new look it looks like a v in English yes the new which makes an n
Sound looks like a V that may be confusing at first but it'll wear off look at the next letter C
oh oh this one look at that look at the capital and by the way you know you're
asking yourself what is difference in these styles look at this letter C this
is the letter c which is a Kappa and a sigma next to each other you you you say
this all the time right the cat licks my
cheek licks right well they just made a letter out of it right and looking on
the left you see that Capital look it's just three bars I can see through that
it's a long bar followed by a short bar and underneath that's another long bar now why do you think that difference is
because those what we're calling lowercase letters those are things that monks make up right those are things
that people who want to write make up on parchment on some kind
of parchment give me a skin you know people are writing things on skins there's a lot of skins there's no books
there's no books there's Scrolls there's Scrolls and buildings full of Scrolls called libraries and shh don't tell
anyone the Christians will burn them all down if you want to check on that go ahead and check on that gayen was
complaining about the other day gayen was complaining but be quiet shh look at
the C the left side is for stone the right side is for
parchment oh isn't that amazing you didn't know there was a different element in those uppercase and lowercase
letters did you no you didn't go Omron
oh looks just like an O ites sorry Omron but you're kind of boring p and don't
say pie if you say Pi for this I'm gonna I'm gonna virtually punch you in the
mouth yes right you psychically did that what what happened
don't say Pi Pi is for nerds who study Physics right oh God and maybe some
geometry maybe some geometry but this is p p give me the next one row and you say
wait a minute I thought that one was a p it was a p this is a row but that's an
English P that's because Anglo Saxons speak with rocks in their mouths give me
the next one Sigma oh God look at this Sigma when it's big it can be that kind
of you know kind of grabby looking and when it's small look when it's that
first Sigma um of the lowercase you use that internally okay internally in a word in
the middle of a word you use that right we're starting out but if you're going to end a word in a sigma you got to use
the one that looks like an S it's kind of looks like a snake thing right yeah good how about tow tow oh God a little
bit curvaceousness a little bit just get a little flirty but you know go oops
Salon oops salon
do you know what Upsilon does oilon hides dma what there's a letter called a
diagma and the Upsilon hides it when there's an Upsilon there she's like oh come here diagma right and and that's
how you can age words you perverts that's how you age words I'm going to
show you you know who showed me the guy who worked for uh um the uh American
intelligence Naval intelligence cracking codes in World War
II he also helped crack Linear B and he taught me where the dma
hides wait a minute are we talking about the same thing give me the fee roll out
fee here everybody loves fee I don't know why but everybody loves fee right now if you say fi I'm gonna say fa f
I smell the gas of an Englishman is that how it goes no because that's your
nursery rhymes this is fee people Fe Fe Fe it makes a ph sound love it give me
the next one this is not native to Anglo Saxon but it's
a wait a minute what did he just H at me yeah he did right he this is a he
right good and another dublet here next following the P not the
Pai the P the p and what does the p do it's a p
and a sigma together that's nice the word for
vulture is Gibbs Gibs love it okay um Omega Omega yeah
everybody knows what Omega is um this thing has been used all over all over
for symbols oh God if I had a Omega give me the letter after Omega
where's my diagam did you hide my there there she is boom boom and finally okay
those were 24 letters you're responsible for those by next session and what I
need you to do and please follow me exactly stand in the shower sit on the
toilet driving your car doesn't matter Alpha Beta Gamma Delta Epsilon Zeta Ada
Theta Yota Kaa Lambda mu n c Omron P row
Sigma oilon F he Omega that's how we're
going to say them please say them that way and I need you to have the entire
alphabet down if you will follow my instructions and this week you will draw
these out whatever it takes my students say there's lots of different ways right
I drew them out when I was learning them okay what it's going to do for your
brain the very Imaging of those letters
are symbols that the language itself employs oh can you believe that there's
a two layers of complexity here we have the verbal meaning or
Association and we have the image produced by the letter you say wait a
minute I didn't think people do that what what do we have here dma dama yeah looks like an F it does
but it's pronounced like a w w w w give
me the word under this I'm gonna give you an example I'm going to start with this Greek word wanasa wanasa now you
say wait a minute it starts with an alpha and an alpha is pronounced ah so how is wanasa wanasa because there is a
Dima there is a diagma hidden in there look people take down look at the first
word here it says wanasa wanasa right okay the queen lady
woo address to goddesses we don't have these anymore I'm sorry to say they died
they died the last one was like 500 AD yeah they died it's a shame I'd like to
have them back is there any way to get these women back let's see go to the
next one boom oh no here I'm we're g I want
to go through a word list I want to go through a word list okay I want no yeah we can work backwards that's fine you're
gonna go up from here are you ready we're starting at the end of the alphabet we're looking at the first letter and this word is say
oos Osos notice the accent is that little
slash above the Omron second to last letter the only thing you're going to do
with that accent is you're going to stress it you're gonna spend twice as much time on it are you ready the proper
pronunciation is Os Os it's not OS and it's not Kos and
it's not OS it's OS you're putting a little extra time on
that syllable where the stress accent is here's another one next letter behind
you know what we are we got stopped tonight for drink drunk and driving right and they're making us go through the alphabet well we're having to do it
backwards p p is the first
letter what oh by the way what do people think okos is ocean you mean my concept of ocean
comes from this language you write it many many many of your words were stolen
from it right again I'm sorry it's just Superior um we didn't borrow any ancient
Persian there's a reason for that right right you mean the Greeks were right there they could have right um
functionality it turns out just like in nature it's survival of the fittest with
languages oh God this language is so fit okay look at that P on that P this is the word for
soul in English we get psychology psychology good go to the
next one philosophia look at that fee that starts out this word philosophia
now I had one instructor from Arizona tell me this is really an aspirated P so
it should be pronounced philosophia right but 99% of the classes
that I was ever around pronounce it philosophia okay shout out to that one
loner go give me the next one humos what is a humos it's a hymn it's a hymn there are
two marks over the oops Salon that starts this word the first is a rough
breathing rough breathing only the things that I say do you need to learn it is a rough breathing and it means you
an H to that vowel so this is Whos
Whos not Whos but Whos and what is that it's a song you
mean when I sing hymns in English I want you to notice that the English that was
stolen from this starts with an H why because it's the Greek rough breathing
it's an aspiration Love It Go the next one up ter
that's the end look at the to that starts that to terma keep going up oh
this one you got to go to that oneza now that row that's on the front of this I want you to put a little Trill
on Itza right you don't have to put a tonza right oh God and look it's got a
rough breathing RZA you've got to put a little puff of air oh you little puff of air and make you Tango up and down
something's going on here this is uh something
Musical and what is Aza it's a root it's a root and look
here's some perative medicines look what I brought you tonight you can purge yourself with these roots you know what
I mean because sometimes sometimes you don't want to stop up the pipes you need the stuff to keep
going right well you got roots and you got root Cutters give me that um what do
we get in English of course rise ryome right um go back up keep going up boom boom boom how about this
Omron Orchestra what is an orchestra you're gonna say oh I know I know it's
Orchestra in English and it is but it isn't right what is an orchestra in
Antiquity it's a place where you dance it's a place where you
dance okay you mean they danced yeah it's religious celebrations right when
you go to the when you go to the tragedy don't you know to be purged don't you think you ought to you know be able to
enjoy a chorus nothing like a tragic chorus man I had one of St Marys it was a chorus of Furies and they were dressed
absolutely it was gorgeousness and gorgios all wrapped up into one um it
was black it was leather and it was Fury just the you know um dilda waving
Fury yeah Mad Max kind of style um loved it loved it um yeah it stood for the
value the monan said this stands for the values that we should uphold go kenos
what's aenos that's a stranger now look this this word is actually really neat
this will show you a little bit of the history and I want you to hear this please hear this are you ready
kenos kenos what is aenos that's the
dude that you are obliged to give a bath to and some food to and a bunk to stay
the night yeah wait what is that a yeah no
this is a legal thing and it's protected by the cult of none other than Zeus
himself yeah and they call this thing this magical thing okay you have an
obligation Dude shows up to your door at Sunset and he's like look I've been walking for the last eight hours and I
need a place to stay for the night you have a religious obligation to give him
a room right and you're supposed to give him a gift too right now here's the
thing he goes back to where he wherever he's going he leaves his information with you and when you're traveling you
have a right to stay with him why because you have a relation ship called
[Music] Zenia oh yeah oh God now that's giving
you a little bit the words will give you the the dust that was in the air of antiquity xenos we got a few more
goodies here nectar do you want to drink some nectar you know that looks like nectar in English look how stupid we are
in English can could we not invent a word that was the equivalent of nectar
seriously no we'll just steal it from them because what do they do what did anglo-saxon
speakers do what did the Angles and the Saxons did they always sit around and
they probably just hunted and stuff you know come on people there's nothing wrong with hunting Greeks hunt too but
do something with your language nectar so gorgeous that's what
the gods drank now wait a minute I thought I just told you at the beginning that God was a combination of drugs and
vision yeah yeah you know how you get there nectar you know what the Greeks said listen to how drug using this C
this culture is um they said that nectar is what gives the gods their
immortality that is the source you mean there's drugs that give immortality yes
salvation comes through drugs people there's 1200 of you thank you for your
time salvation is through drugs in the ancient world when I say salvation I
mean everything everything I mean medicine I mean the Salvation you're
thinking of I'm thinking psychological salvation same thing salvation through
drugs Christ is a drug term now you see who you are you have no
idea what kind of person you are you have no idea what kind of life you're
leading you're in the dark and that is what Greek is here for Greek
is to bring the light Greek will bring you the light not me and my stupid ideas
I want to pause here you know what I'll let amen say that when he comes no I'll say it for him I want to I want to
recognize I want you to recognize tonight that this is not for profit I am
not selling this I have enough uh subscribers now that I could sell this
only I can't because the contract doesn't last it's broken the minute you
make something from it the minute you prostitute it it loses its value the
minute you're doing it to keep your job it loses its value the devil was like
don't do that so look people we are here Hil Satan we are here because of that
principle do you know how novel that is do you okay let me just ask you this question those of you who don't know who
you are because I know a lot of you are sitting there think I know who I am this guy's he's just doing he's just playing
philosophy okay hang in there hang in there smart smarty let's see what
happens when your when your Consciousness is cracked open by the Greek let's see what happens you run you
run oh God a lost let's go to the next let's go to the next one look what that person did mimos look at that first
letter people it's a me mimos you hear that time I hit the accent
mimos not mimos not mimos and not MOS it's
mimos and the Greek wants to Accent itself on one of the last three
syllables the last three syllables you're going to see that's where that hangs around and originally that is
pitch up it's pitch up it's very musical Greek is very musical go boom well
mimetic is to be is to mirror is to mirror good and here's the word
everybody thinks they know but they do not it's logos starts with a Lambda and
what is the logos the logos is your
Reckoning the logos is your Reckoning your calculation
I thought it was word it is because a word is a
reckoning a reason give me a
reason and I've got logos you see another thing you don't know that
you're going to know now is that the quantum
reality is the result of the
logos wait a minute wait a minute let's
give you some practics right these are the people you're going to sit in the future you're going to sit with people
that you know um you can't hold a candle to that's when I love to bring the smarties in because in every class
there's going to be some smarty who thinks they know everything and it's so
beautiful to Humble them I used to spank seminarians mentally spank them I love
it don't challenge me I'll spank you I'll spank you Ryan don't ask me to
spank you okay that's too much K kma think of the word you know um
kinesthesia anything any the kin roote right it's the
movement movement kinetic think of kinetic Force hit the next
one hisor now you think you know what history is this is where we get history
in English from hisor and what is histor that's a
[Music] question what kind of question is it originally it's a question that you
proposed to an orac imagine this imagine this you're living
in a world where you recognize that you can put somebody into a death State you can
bring them out of it and they can have experienced something that will guide
them they will have an understanding that is outside of
time and when you get that understanding that's outside of time you can pass that
on to other people who don't travel and so they imagine you live in that world
and you can go see one of these Travelers you can go see her and you'd be like what she's a
teenager yeah what do you think the the most excellent vessel for the god to
possess you want the top you want the top she's got to know everything she's
got to be the one who knew that geometry it's gorgeous the poetes runs
everything yes the poetes runs everything do you know what Historia means it means to ask the Oracle a
question and when you go to the Oracle what kind of qu what do you think people go to ask them do you think people go
just to ask them anything where did I misplace my car keys let me go to the Oracle it's going to take me six days to
get there yeah no you're going to that
Oracle for the understanding that comes from being taken
out of time out of
Chronos that's who you are when you are born again you are taken from
Kronos now those of you who get the physics of that good for you nerds now
next one up theatron where do you think the word for theater comes from comes from that place of viewing where do you
get Vision you get Vision in a theater you know I went to New York I went to New York man I lived in Bon I went to
New York I took in uh uh what is that oh God uh it's a famous place
R made a big impression obviously um no I took in stage and I can tell you for a
fact I enjoyed it and I was entertained but I was not
inspired nor did I have Vision you got to remember we're
fumigating these people too we're fumigating them to induce these
purgative Visions right Jesus Christ is walking
around with the same face paint that the bachans have
yeah why because it's a mystery a mystery operation and that mystery is
tied to drugs give me the next one boom paleos is the sun look at that ADA
that's on the front of that gorgeous keep going keep going chewy we've got to we've got to hurry up these people came
here for the reality Zoe Zoe look at the zo oh that's life and if you capitalize
that that's her that's her I want to I I just want you to stop for a second Zoe
when I make that noise Zoe what is that that's
life that's life and she she is
everything everything in the mystery revolves around
Zoe did you know what the septu agent calls
Eve because Eve is not a name Eve is a shout it's a bing cry her name
was life it's not interesting it was only
the devil it was only the devil that gave her the fruit was only the Devil
he's like no God's a liar God's a liar love it it's locked in the language
people give me the next one hexagonos who wants a hexagon oh my God okay next
one look at these people Dion what does it mean to Diono you see the root demon on there
that we just looked at right Dion It's a verb that is it's an action
or a state of being
Dion I am gonna wake up tomorrow and Dion or maybe after the sun goes down I
should die mon it means to be
possessed by a diamon by a power by a skill a
knowledge did Socrates say he had a Dione yeah he
did yeah are diones good things yeah they
are your conception of a Dione is completely off
completely interesting yeah yeah those Fallen
Messengers are always the ones to bring you the facts those Fallen
Messengers um so how do we translate this people think about that what am I going to wake up in the morning and
demonize that's how we're going to have to translate that with the word demon taken from that
word this is going to bring us perfectly right keep going got H graph that's any kind of writing graph look at the gamma
up front gamma GG up look at the next one go bibl on BI on
do this mean book does this mean book no because they're not using books it means
scroll really but it's the concept that you have in your brain when you're thinking about what a book is yeah it's
just they're in different forms they got parchment they got animal skin all that kind of stuff good up finally Alpha
starts us off with anthropos anthropos we get anthropology
in English and it just means human being it just means human being anthropos
what's the study of anthropology it's the study of humans dude okay now at the
bottom I want to give you these last I had a little things special for you here okay people I want to give you flash up
here text then I'm going to give you instructions what to do I'm gonna flash
up here this text you come back to this if you want you stop it you can come back but look at this verse number four
verse number four where is this from
Zechariah Chapter 12 in that day it says in day HEI
e what happened at that time leio p
the all ruling lord said what
pako P heo what's gonna happen he's gonna strike pxo I'm gonna strike every
horse what am I gonna strike him I'm gonna strike him in exas now here for those of you who are
trying to follow you're not supposed to be able to at this point I'm just exposing you does it feel good now look
at verse number four four look at the second line it's 1 2 3 4 five words in
that's exas Epsilon Kappa Sigma to Alpha Sigma
Epsilon Yoda don't say Iota if you say Iota I'm oh God I don't know what's
gonna happen I'm gonna lose it don't say Iota say Iota right Iota good I take
Iota as well right e plus Yoda I'll take that too just don't say
Iota um what am I going to do I'm the I'm the all ruling Lord what am I I'm going to
strike every horse in EAS you hear ecstasy in English because
it's where we stole the concept of ecstasy from he's going to strike the horse he's gonna place the horse in
ecstasy and what else is he gonna do
in he's GNA put the rider of that horse in a St of
paronis what is Parris Give me the definition watch this people the
technicality boom this is the word first word I want you to think about easis
right from easis this is ecas the dative give me the next
one paron again the dative what are and I'll
tell you later what those mean that's how the ending of the word is changing don't worry for now all I want you to
see this thing starts with a p and I'm not going to say Pi it's a p
watch this people what is easis Give me the definition oh my God displacement
like Greek ancient Greek displacement a standing away or outside
of what is normal number two distraction of Mind distraction of Mind plus a
little bit of entrancement
entrancement okay do you understand what easis is easis and some preacher was
stand say this is from this is from the prefix e and
his yeah shut up watch how the word transforms give me the next one that's
easis now what is the Hebrew right because this is translated in Hebrew um
into Hebrew what does the Hebrew give us for easis it gives us this
Tama to be astounded or dumbfounded wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute easis is not this because there is a
great concept for this it's tho and if you believe the be s story
that's been handed down to us that this was originally Hebrew and then translated into Greek the Greek
translator just missed something extremely obvious extremely either the Greek
translator is terrible or the original Greek was rendered into a much more
simplistic Hebrew form that couldn't carry the technical capacity in other
words ancient Hebrew got no word for ecstasy
sorry to be astounded or dumbfounded Now give me the other ones what is
paraphrasis what is paraphrasis I need them to see the definition first whoops
no that's not nope up one parron look at
paron right it's look in the parentheses you see frin frin is that mind right
what is that wandering from reason paron is to be beside your reason to be
standing beside like if you could take your reason out of your body and stand
there that's what you're entering into when you are paraphrenic now look at
that I just made an English word that doesn't exist paraphrenic to stand outside
yourself I like that I like that your own wits right what they do in the
Hebrew with this what they do in the Hebrew with this it's a huge concept the frame is huge what is this to be mad
that's a little simple that's a little simple and off technically because look
what kind of Madness they're doing again look at how third gr it is madman
behaving as a Madman demented driven mad it's like clinical Madness it's like
clinical Madness the only problem is both of those Greek words are associated with
Mantic powers what romantic Powers the ability you can take it down the ability
to stand in the ion to stand in the ion to see see
outside of time okay outside of time give me the next one boom um what is
something that's monos it has that
Mania right that has to do with INSP
Iration right has to do with inspiration look at the second um uh
Roman number two frenzy and number two frenzi enthusiastic
inspired right notice it's Aristotle it's PL you know uh it's philosophers
defining right this where we're getting these definitions from right A lot of it you know um and that's the beauty of
Alice's dad and what he did um and look at the bottom just for for
those of you who never believe me when I tell you that these things have to do
with drugs look at number three at the bottom cause something can cause Madness stros can cause Madness and we find that
in diores so um notice at the end it's pharmaka Pharma Mani right um the let's
see um the drugs that induce a state where you are
Visionary Visionary and off your um out of sync with
normal prophetic right do you see how many drugs there are I couldn't get through
half of these definitions without a whole bunch of drugs in them okay what are my instructions classwise for
everybody here you heard me pronounce all of those I want you to learn the alphabet that's all I want you to do you
say what that's easy no it's not Alpha Beta Gamma Delta Epsilon zet Theta Yota
cap L Muk Omron P Ro Sigma oilon FIP Omega you have to have it at a point in
your brain where you don't have to think about it and that's important because you're going to be
working with letters and you've got to know what the order of the alphabet is so you can be looking words up so you
can be finding words you've going to have to know that order it's very important please become intimate over
until next Wednesday with that um uh alphabet please be able to say it
forwards be able to say it forwards and there is a great key in your text there
is a great key in the front of the introduction right or unit one is it
unit one sorry um introduction right of course it's the introduction there's a
great key in there I want you to see how the words are how the letters are
pronounced when you put two vowels together they form a different sound
Alpha by itself is a Yoda by itself is e put them together and they're not a e
they're I I okay good Omron oops on by themselves
Omron a oilon is it a no it's
o oh and do you hear the dma in there just a little bit oo o o oh God love it
okay um don't worry about the Dima because it's not in your textbook but I'm gonna show it to you every once in a
while it creeps out every once in a while all right if you will be done with the alphabet commit it and I know that
doesn't sound like a lot and people are going to tell me I want to go ahead I want to I want to go faster and I want to no no no you we can pile these on top
of each other but here starting off I want you to take the time to be able to
recognize all of those letters that's all that's all we're retuning retuning
your letters that's all please for the next week keep that up and when we begin
next week I will know that you will have read unit one today is different because
we're doing introduction when you read unit one you'll find that there are
exercises at the end of the book not drills I don't want you to do drills I
want you to do exercises and if you do four five six
exercises before coming you'll be in good shape if you don't do any you can
come to next Wednesday's session and you can advance yourself because what I will
do is I will present all the grammar and I will present some ratings and I will give you every time some drug some kind
of terrible act that involves some kind of forbidden fruit every time I'm gonna
give it to you okay but in order to get there we got to go step by step please
read unit one for next week and
remember you can find God
it's the drug that's the god hell Satan spells the dragon Venom volume on
11 sell your tickets to Heaven I am being The Man Who Laughs Hong Hong be be
I'm in the cut I'm in the crease black tip arrows dark in the sky the Irish
which can fly media's got the heavy weight how much you want to buy
scorpion venom mations dragon Venom vaping you know they might be taping they want the
elemental PE for the darkest of Dreams lady media she's coming to see you
chalice a dragon Venom High purple Volume 2 11 good hit
you with a ticket to Heaven dread bring it back from the dead GL chalice a Dr Venom High purple
volume 21 goodia hit you with a ticket to Heaven dread bring you back from the
dead lady Babylon word one the B it's how it
is with the poisonous kiss she never
[Music] missed put you in the sacred drift
[Music] catch you in the twist
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause]